Girlfriend | So is there anyone that can help us?

GF's Mom | I do know someone who might be able to...

Boyfriend had gone to Girlfriend's house, seeking for help to fight against The Necromancer. She couldn't think of anything, but perhaps her parents could.

GF's Mom | Her name was Wraith or something like that... She always was interested in supernatural beings. Maybe she could help you?

Girlfriend | Maybe... I guess it's our only bet though, huh?

Boyfriend | Beep... Skebap beep... (Yeah... Let's go then...)

Girlfriend | Alright...

The two left, having got coordinates for GF's Mom's friend (or atleast where she was thought to be). The walk was long, only coming to and end as the two approached a stone structure, the sun rapidly setting.

Girlfriend | This must be the place...

Boyfriend | Skrebop beep ba... Pobap beep? (Doesn't look that inviting... Are you sure we can trust her?)

Girlfriend | She was my Mom's friend... I highly doubt she would try and kill us.

The two bravely walked inside. It was dark and foreboading, with the metal walls constantly creaking and groaning. Boyfriend grasped Girlfriend's hand.

Boyfriend | (What the hell is this place..?)

They walked into another room where there was some speakers. Girlfriend climbed onto them, looking at them.

[MEANWHILE]

A figure in the darkness worked on a prostetic arm, hammering it down. Someone walked in.

??? | How's it going?

The figure shrugged.

??? | Alright Stickman... More parts?

Stickman nodded.

??? | God how many parts is this thing going to take..?

The other person left. But then, before Stickman could get back to working on the arm, he heard a noise. It came from the shudders. He approached it and pressed a button on the side, letting the shudders raise slowly.

[MEANWHILE]

Boyfriend and Girlfriend stared at the opening door, scared of whatever may come through.

Girlfriend | This doesn't look good...

Boyfriend | Skebop beep... (Tell me about it...)

Suddenly, Stickman walked in, seeing the two. They looked at each other for a moment, a grin spreading across Boyfriend's face as he pulled out his microphone, Stickman with the biggest "what the actual f**k" look ever.

Sticking - Stickman

Boyfriend looked back at the (now destroyed) speakers, with Girlfriend sitting on the wreckage.


Girlfriend | ...What the heck just happened?

Boyfriend | Beep bap. (No idea.)

Boyfriend turned to Stickman, who looks at them. He throws Stickman a spare microphone. Stickman catches it and looks at it, confused.

Boyfriend | Beep! Skrebap bop! (Come on! Let's rap for real!)

Fight - Stickman

Stickman gets up from the floor and looks at Boyfriend. He shakes his head and grabs the microphone, looking serious.

Girlfriend | Looks like he's getting serious now...

Boyfriend | Beep ba skrebap bop... Skebeep bap! (At least he isn't joking around anymore... Bring it on!)

Serious - Stickman

Stickman walks off as Boyfriend and Girlfriend look at each other.

Girlfriend | ...That was weird...

??? | What do you mean?

Boyfriend | Beep- (What the-)

A female voice comes from the darkness.

??? | Two intruders..? They sang with you? Let me see... Come with me.

Stickman comes back with a browned-hair girl, who was shorter than Stickman and about Girlfriend's height. Girlfriend climbed off the wreckage.

??? | Hello? Who are you two?

Girlfriend | My name is Girlfriend, he's Boyfriend. You're..?

??? | Wraith. Heard you messed with my assistant here, what's the big deal?

Boyfriend suddenly saw a machine in the place where her left arm should have been. It was some sort of satelite dish (or at least that's what Boyfriend thought).

Girlfriend | Oh! We were sent to look for you!

Wraith | Who sent you?

Girlfriend | Mommy Mearest, my Mom.

Wraith | Your mom?

Girlfriend | Yes!

Wraith | Ah... I see... Sorry for bothering you then... How can I help?

Boyfriend | Skebap beep bo! (There's a demon chasing me!)

Wraith | ...What?

Boyfriend | Bop beep... (Oh yeah...)

Girlfriend | Uh- There's a demon chasing my Boyfriend, we know his name though.

Wraith | A demon? Like a real one?

Girlfriend | Yeah! His name is the Necromancer!

Stickman suddenly looks like he remembers something.

Wraith | Stickman, is something wrong?

Stickman conveys some sort of message to Wraith.

Wraith | You met him before? How strong was he?

Stickman continues to move around, Girlfriend and Boyfriend completely confused about what he's trying to say.

Wraith | Not that strong..? Shouldn't be too big of a problem then-

Girlfriend | B-But he managed to kill an entire crowd AND if what Boyfriend said is correct, he even survived fighting three demon hunters!

Wraith | He might have grown stronger... Let's just hope that-

But suddenly, for the third time, Boyfriend felt a sense of dread. Something was right above the four, and was charging up some sort of attack. Without hesitating, Boyfriend shouted.

Boyfriend | BEEP! (MOVE!)

Boyfriend dived to the left and Girlfriend, hearing him, leapt backwards. However Wraith and Stickman, who couldn't understand Boyfriend, stood still. Suddenly, lightning rained down where they once were, shocking Wraith and Stickman. Wraith survived, but was angrier than ever as she saw Stickman collapse to the ground. Boyfriend and Girlfriend looked up to see the ceiling break open, The Necromancer hovering above them

Necromancer | NOW YOU CAN'T ESCAPE!

Several skeletons leapt down into the area, charging directly at Boyfriend.

Girlfriend | BOYFRIEND LOOK OUT!

Girlfriend grabbed Boyfriend and threw him to the side, all the skeletons turning to face him. Suddenly, several lasers were shot throughout the arena from Wraith, killing off most of the skeletons.

Wraith | They're only after your Boyfriend!

Necromancer | NONE SHALL STAND IN MY WAY!

More lightning rained down as Wraith fired up at Necromancer, dealing zero damange to him. One bolt hit Wraith right in the chest, causing her to scream as she was sent to the floor, dead. Necromancer hovered down to Boyfriend and Girlfriend's level.

Necromancer | IT'S TIME TO PERISH. STAND ASIDE AND GIVE HIM TO ME OR DIE WITH HIM!

Girlfriend | Stay behind me Boyfriend... You'll have to get through me first!

Boyfriend trembled behind Girlfriend, knowing she would die instantly, and that he couldn't do anything about it. However just before Necromancer charged them, Boyfriend saw a portal open behind Necromancer - A portal leading to his dimension. His only chance to save Girlfriend now was to bring Necromancer into his own dimension where he can't harm anyone and finish the battle there. But with what little strength, courage, and power Boyfriend had, how could he do it? Girlfriend began to tremble, knowing this was her end. Suddenly, hearing Girlfriend's silent cries for help made something snap in Boyfriend's mind. This wouldn't end like this. Without warning and just as Necromancer charged right at Girlfriend, Boyfriend ran past her.

Boyfriend | BEEP! (STOP!)

Girlfriend | Wha- BOYFRIEND NO!

Girlfriend tried to grab Boyfriend, but couldn't. Necromancer flew into the air and rained lightning down on Boyfriend, missing him as Boyfriend grabbed Necromancer's legs, causing the two to stumble forwards and right into the portal. Girlfriend tried to run after them, but the portal closed too fast, leaving her alone. She fell to her knees, crying.

Girlfriend | Boyfriend...